What did I learn?

    Coming from a computer science background I already knew programing. I knew that once a person learns the logic behind programing, that person can easily learn any other languages on the same level.
    I already knew Visual Basic and therefore it was easy for me to know how to write the program but I did not know any python therefore I did not know what to write exactly. 
    Therefore I learned python as a programing language and I also learned how easy it actually is to transition from one language to another.
    I also learned that while the logic of programing stays the same in its core, I learned that the structure of the language does change. For example python has no main function by default can I run without it.
    At the same time, since it is a dynamically typed language,  the language is mostly 'interpreted' everytime so when I added a main function, I had to call the main at the end to let the other modules be interpreted before the main is ran.

What challenges you faced?

    My greatest challenge was learning the structure of the language. Since at its core programing stays the same, I also had to go look for the equivalent command of the one I would have used in visual basic.
    Some work easily but some are more complex and require more modifications.
    Sometimes, the code would not work and the reason was because the structure was completely different; such as python being dynamically typed.
    There were also a lot of bugs and a lot also came from small mistyped including lower and uppercase or brackets at the end of all functions.

How do you intend to improve it, given more time?

    For me, programing is like riding a bicycle. Surely having more courses, more readings and videos might help but only practice can help improve it.
    That is why I intend to improve it by writing more codes using python to aquire the required necessary skills. I also plan to start looking at open-source codes and contribute if possible.
    Also reading documentations and watching videos might help. 

    